                                DAY 12:ONLINE TASK:
The First book “500 years of solitude”  review gives me a gist of the guts one need to take to turn their dreams into reality and the importance  of family ,love in one’s life and the guts of dreaming big. As this book is much related to the core values of me, i would definitely read it. The second book “The Tipping Point” is much about the crux of learning the art of marketing by implementing his  ideas and observing the conditions in which  they are spread faster. Iam not inclined to read this book as it is more about psychology and marketing.
The third book”Tuesday’s with Moorie ” is heart touching as we can learn from the  heart warming lessons which are about the basic lessons  of life which gives you an opportunity to check whether we are imbibing  the required ethics of life. I am not interested in  it much because as  already read many self help books.The fourth book “The Harry Potter Series “ is much loved one as it moves us to the imagination world of witches and wizards which helps me enhance my imagination by reading the book.I would love to read the book twice or thrice.
I would not be totally influenced by the review of a book as one cannot judge a book by its cover. I consider the reviews of the people who have similar dislikes and likes to that of mine and also the reviews of some famous personalities as it would be helpful for me to build up personality like them and sometimes by seeing the reviews i can avoid reading the books which are not much useful to me in any sense.The reviews  should not be considered beyond certain limit as everyone  would have rather a different opinion after reading a book.So the reviews positive or negative should be choosen such that we don’t miss reading the books that which are to be read.
The book i read was The Krishna Key by Ashwin Sanghi .This book has a story line that keeps us  intriguing. There are many twists and turns and many historical facts which makes us thrilled. This book explains about how the history professor who has to prove his innocence against a murder charge.The way the author unveils each of the twist and turns makes us stick to the book day and night.I would suggest this book to the people who are interested in thriller stories and also love to know historical facts.I would also suggest children not to read such thrillers as there will be lot described about the murders and plots  which may have impact on their sensitive personalities.
